README.md, before:

# Eindhoven2024

## Table of Contents

- [Scores](#scores)
- [Schedule](#schedule)
- [Arenas](#arenas)
- [Stage 1](#stage-1)
    + [Receptionist](#receptionist)
    + [Storing Groceries](#storing-groceries)
    + [Carry my Luggage](#carry-my-luggage)
    + [Serve Breakfast](#serve-breakfast)
    + [GPSR](#gpsr)
- [Stage 2](#stage-2)
    + [Clean the Table](#clean-the-table)
    + [Stickler for the Rules](#stickler-for-the-rules)
    + [EGPSR](#egpsr)

## Scores
<!--
Team rankings and total scores from stage 1 and stage 2

OPL

|     | Team Name (ranking) | Total scores (stage 1 and 2) |
| --- | ------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| 1   |                     |                              |
| 2   |                     |                              |
| 3   |                     |                              |
| 4   |                     |                              |
| 5   |                     |                              |
| 6   |                     |                              |
| 7   |                     |                              |
| 8   |                     |                              |
| 9   |                     |                              |
| 10  |                     |                              |
| 11  |                     |                              |
| 12  |                     |                              |
| 13  |                     |                              |
| 14  |                     |                              |
| 15  |                     |                              |

DSPL

|     | Team name (ranking) | Total score (stage 1 and 2) |
| --- | ------------------- | --------------------------- |
| 1   |                     |                             |
| 2   |                     |                             |
| 3   |                     |                             |
| 4   |                     |                             |
| 5   |                     |                             |
| 6   |                     |                             |
| 7   |                     |                             |
| 8   |                     |                             |
| 9   |                     |                             |
| 10  |                     |                             |
| 11  |                     |                             |

SSPL

|     | Team name (ranking) | Stage 1 + 2 points |
| --- | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| 1   |                     |                    |
| 2   |                     |                    |
| 3   |                     |                    |
| 4   |                     |                    |
-->



## Schedule

|       | Wed July 17         | Thu July 18         | Fri July 19               | Sat July 20                         | Sun July 21    |
| ----- | ------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | -------------- |
| 09:00 |                     |                     | Serve Breakfast           | Restaurant (all teams present 8:30) |                |
| 10:00 |                     | Carry my Luggage    | Serve Breakfast           | Restaurant                          | Open challenge |
| 11:00 |                     | Carry my Luggage    |                           | Restaurant                          |                |
| 12:00 |                     |                     | GPSR                      |                                     | Final          |
| 13:00 |                     | Receptionist        | GPSR                      | Stickler for the Rules              | Final          |
| 14:00 |                     | Receptionist        | announcement second stage | Stickler for the Rules              |                |
| 15:00 | Opening Ceremony    |                     |                           |                                     |                |
| 16:00 |                     | Storing Groceries   | Clean the Table           | EGPSR                               |                |
| 17:00 | Robot Inspection    | Storing Groceries   | Clean the Table           | EGPSR                               |                |
| 18:00 |                     |                     |                           |                                     |                |
| 19:00 | Team-Leader Meeting | Team-Leader Meeting | Team-Leader Meeting       |                                     |                |
| 20:00 | Poster Reception    |                     |                           |                                     |                |

## Arenas

![arena_map](maps/arena.png)
| Number | Name  | Object Category
| ------------ | ----------- | ----------- |
| 1 | hallway cabinet (p) |
| 2 | entrance |
| 3 | desk (p) | decorations |
| 4 | shelf (p) | cleaning supplies |
| 5 | coathanger |
| 6 | exit |
| 7 | TV table (p) | toys |
| 8 | lounge chair |
| 9 | lamp |
| 10 | couch |
| 11 | coffee table (p) | fruits |
| 12 | trashcan | 
| 13 | kitchen cabinet (p) | drinks |
| 14 | dinner table (p) | snacks |
| 15 | dishwasher (p) | dishes |
| 16 | kitchen counter (p) | food |


(p) indicated whether objects can be placed at the location

![league area map](maps/league_area_map.png)

## Robot Inspection and Poster Session
![](maps/map_robot_inspection.png)

Announce location for Poster.

## Stage 1

### Receptionist
![](maps/stage_one/map_receptionist.png)

Announce host's favorite drink
Announce host's name

### Storing Groceries
![](maps/stage_one/map_storing_groceries.png)

Announce which table will be used

Announce what will be used as cabinet

### Carry my Luggage
![](maps/stage_one/map_carry_my_luggage.png)

### Serve Breakfast
![](maps/stage_one/map_serve_breakfast.png)

### GPSR
![](maps/stage_one/map_gpsr.png)

## Stage 2

### Clean the Table
![](maps/stage_two/map_clean_the_table.png)

### Stickler for the Rules
![](maps/stage_two/map_stickler_for_the_rules.png)

### EGPSR
![](maps/stage_two/map_egpsr.png)

Commit message:

Added telegram group to readme

README.md, after:

# Eindhoven2024

Join the Eindhoven 2024 Telegram group for quick announcements: https://t.me/+_BQlsF5p6LQ0MzZh

## Table of Contents

- [Scores](#scores)
- [Schedule](#schedule)
- [Arenas](#arenas)
- [Stage 1](#stage-1)
    + [Receptionist](#receptionist)
    + [Storing Groceries](#storing-groceries)
    + [Carry my Luggage](#carry-my-luggage)
    + [Serve Breakfast](#serve-breakfast)
    + [GPSR](#gpsr)
- [Stage 2](#stage-2)
    + [Clean the Table](#clean-the-table)
    + [Stickler for the Rules](#stickler-for-the-rules)
    + [EGPSR](#egpsr)

## Scores
<!--
Team rankings and total scores from stage 1 and stage 2

OPL

|     | Team Name (ranking) | Total scores (stage 1 and 2) |
| --- | ------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| 1   |                     |                              |
| 2   |                     |                              |
| 3   |                     |                              |
| 4   |                     |                              |
| 5   |                     |                              |
| 6   |                     |                              |
| 7   |                     |                              |
| 8   |                     |                              |
| 9   |                     |                              |
| 10  |                     |                              |
| 11  |                     |                              |
| 12  |                     |                              |
| 13  |                     |                              |
| 14  |                     |                              |
| 15  |                     |                              |

DSPL

|     | Team name (ranking) | Total score (stage 1 and 2) |
| --- | ------------------- | --------------------------- |
| 1   |                     |                             |
| 2   |                     |                             |
| 3   |                     |                             |
| 4   |                     |                             |
| 5   |                     |                             |
| 6   |                     |                             |
| 7   |                     |                             |
| 8   |                     |                             |
| 9   |                     |                             |
| 10  |                     |                             |
| 11  |                     |                             |

SSPL

|     | Team name (ranking) | Stage 1 + 2 points |
| --- | ------------------- | ------------------ |
| 1   |                     |                    |
| 2   |                     |                    |
| 3   |                     |                    |
| 4   |                     |                    |
-->



## Schedule

|       | Wed July 17         | Thu July 18         | Fri July 19               | Sat July 20                         | Sun July 21    |
| ----- | ------------------- | ------------------- | ------------------------- | ----------------------------------- | -------------- |
| 09:00 |                     |                     | Serve Breakfast           | Restaurant (all teams present 8:30) |                |
| 10:00 |                     | Carry my Luggage    | Serve Breakfast           | Restaurant                          | Open challenge |
| 11:00 |                     | Carry my Luggage    |                           | Restaurant                          |                |
| 12:00 |                     |                     | GPSR                      |                                     | Final          |
| 13:00 |                     | Receptionist        | GPSR                      | Stickler for the Rules              | Final          |
| 14:00 |                     | Receptionist        | announcement second stage | Stickler for the Rules              |                |
| 15:00 | Opening Ceremony    |                     |                           |                                     |                |
| 16:00 |                     | Storing Groceries   | Clean the Table           | EGPSR                               |                |
| 17:00 | Robot Inspection    | Storing Groceries   | Clean the Table           | EGPSR                               |                |
| 18:00 |                     |                     |                           |                                     |                |
| 19:00 | Team-Leader Meeting | Team-Leader Meeting | Team-Leader Meeting       |                                     |                |
| 20:00 | Poster Reception    |                     |                           |                                     |                |

## Arenas

![arena_map](maps/arena.png)
| Number | Name  | Object Category
| ------------ | ----------- | ----------- |
| 1 | hallway cabinet (p) |
| 2 | entrance |
| 3 | desk (p) | decorations |
| 4 | shelf (p) | cleaning supplies |
| 5 | coathanger |
| 6 | exit |
| 7 | TV table (p) | toys |
| 8 | lounge chair |
| 9 | lamp |
| 10 | couch |
| 11 | coffee table (p) | fruits |
| 12 | trashcan | 
| 13 | kitchen cabinet (p) | drinks |
| 14 | dinner table (p) | snacks |
| 15 | dishwasher (p) | dishes |
| 16 | kitchen counter (p) | food |


(p) indicated whether objects can be placed at the location

![league area map](maps/league_area_map.png)

## Robot Inspection and Poster Session
![](maps/map_robot_inspection.png)

Announce location for Poster.

## Stage 1

### Receptionist
![](maps/stage_one/map_receptionist.png)

Announce host's favorite drink
Announce host's name

### Storing Groceries
![](maps/stage_one/map_storing_groceries.png)

Announce which table will be used

Announce what will be used as cabinet

### Carry my Luggage
![](maps/stage_one/map_carry_my_luggage.png)

### Serve Breakfast
![](maps/stage_one/map_serve_breakfast.png)

### GPSR
![](maps/stage_one/map_gpsr.png)

## Stage 2

### Clean the Table
![](maps/stage_two/map_clean_the_table.png)

### Stickler for the Rules
![](maps/stage_two/map_stickler_for_the_rules.png)

### EGPSR
![](maps/stage_two/map_egpsr.png)
